Correct docs in rwd css page (#7250)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/responsive-web-design/rwd-breakpoints.md

Example:

```less
.media-width(@extremum, @break) when (@extremum = 'min') and (@break = @screen__xl) {
    //  Customization for @screen__xl breakpoint
}
```

## Related reading

> -  You can find information about the `_responsive.less` library file in the generated Magento UI library documentation. It is available in the following location in your Magento installation: `<your_Magento_installation>/lib/web/css/docs/responsive.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  You can find information about the `_responsive.less` library file in the generated Magento UI library documentation. It is available in the following location in your Magento installation: `<your_Magento_installation>/pub/static/frontend/Magento/blank/en_US/css/docs/responsive.html` (view in a browser).
```
